write
If there were my own kids.
...I'd be made more boyfriend feels.
But you're no electricity to my plate
How happy would I be if I could hear the gentle voice of the great Tamae.
Do you Wh patches, too?
No, there is no idle talk about it.
I could not help it if you considered it un equipped.
Do you use the Bos?
I Saar, you wish to long your leave while we drink together.
I can't be sure that says the Tamae, but...
I said, hello.
I'm a good cook.
I brought sake and fish.
I want to go out with my brother.
It's a rare thing.
I waited at that place.
I said, you can go home.
I said, I don't want to stay at night.
I'm afraid I'll be late at night.
I said, I'll go to my brother's house.
I brought sake.
I put it on a
pole and stood on the hill.
My brother, you are a good cook.
I said, I'll go to my brother's house.
I put my hand on the fish and
I said, I don't want to stay at night.
I said, I'm not crying.
I don't want to continue.
I don't want to Daita.
Translated by Releska